Integrations v2 update (#439)
configcat/docs: website/docs/integrations/vscode.mdx

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConfigCat.configcat-feature-flags" target="_blank">ConfigCat's Visual Studio Code extension</a> to manage feature flags from Visual Studio Code.

> Connect your Product and Config to your Workspace. Find your Feature Flag's usages in your code easily.

Reviewer: Én itt is a "ConfigCat Product and Config" és "Trello Workspace" kifejezéseket javaslom, azért, hogy a nem túl gyakorlatt userek is tudják, hogy melyik dolgog melyik toolban van.

Turn features On/Off right from VSCode. You can also easily modify the linked flags to edit or add new Targeting or Percentage Rules.

> This guide will help you with the Extensions installation and familiarise you with the Extensions usage.

Reviewer: Mi US angolt használunk nem GB angolt, ezért "familiarize" a helyes nálunk a "familirise" helyett. Javaslom, hogy ha helyesírásellenőrzővel dolgozol, akkor állíts át US angolra.

> This guide will help you with the Extensions installation and familiarise you with the Extensions usage.

Reviewer: Javaslom, hogy "VSCode Extension" (vagy "Visual Studio Code Extension") szerepeljen "Extension" helyett. Hogy a nem-nagy-tudású userek is tudják, hogy mikor van szó a ConfigCatről és mikor van szó a másik toolról.

- Connect a Config to your Workspace.
- Open a Config on ConfigCat Dashboard.

<img src="/docs/assets/vscode/ff_setting_view.gif" className="zoomable" alt="Usage of ConfigCat Feature Flags Visual Studio Code Extension" />

## Install extension

### Install from Visual Studio Code Marketplace

> 1. Open [ConfigCat Feature Flags Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConfigCat.configcat-feature-flags) at Visual Studio Marketplace.

Reviewer: Ha nem találod túl erőltetettnek, akkr ezt javaslom:

In the Visual Studio Marketplace, open the [ConfigCat Feature Flags Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConfigCat.configcat-feature-flags).

1. Click on the Install button.

> 1. [Configure extension](#configure-extension).

Reviewer: Innen nekem hiányzik valami érzésre. (De lehet, hogy tévedek.)

Itt valamit kliekkelni kell? Vagy megnyitni?

Author: Én azt mondám, hogy így rendben. A konfigurálás több féle módon megoldható így nem mennék bele részletesen hamrabb mint az a szekció ami erre van direkt.

### Install within Visual Studio Code

> 1. Search for ConfigCat Feature Flags on the Extensions page.

Reviewer: Javaslom, hogy az első pontban mindig nevezzük meg a toolt (bár látom, hogy itt a cím sokat segít).

Valami ilyet javaslok:
In Visual Studio Code, open the Extensions page, and search for ConfigCat Feature Flags.

1. Click on the Install button.
1. [Configure extension](#configure-extension).

### Install from VSIX file

> 1. Open [ConfigCat Feature Flags Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConfigCat.configcat-feature-flags) at Visual Studio Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visual Studio Marketplace, open the [ConfigCat Feature Flags Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConfigCat.configcat-feature-flags).
```

Author: Add In to the beginning

1. Click on the Download Extension link.
1. Click on the More Actions icon on the Extensions page in Visual Studio Code and select Install from VSIX...
1. [Configure extension](#configure-extension).

## Configure extension

### Authentication

1. Get your ConfigCat Public API credentials from [ConfigCat Dashboard/Public Management API credentials](https://app.configcat.com/my-account/public-api-credentials).
1. Authenticate ConfigCat in Visual Studio Code by
   - clicking on the ConfigCat Feature Flags icon on the Activity Bar and clicking on any of the Authenticate buttons.
   - or running the `ConfigCat - Log In` command from the Command Palette.

 <img src="/docs/assets/vscode/auth.gif" className="zoomable" alt="Installation of ConfigCat Feature Flags Visual Studio Code Extension" />

### Advanced

> If you are trying to use the ConfigCat Feature Flags extension for Visual Studio Code with a `dedicated hosted`/[on-premise](https://configcat.com/on-premise/) ConfigCat instance. In that case, you can specify your custom URLs by executing the `Preferences: Open Workspace Settings` command from the Command Palette and searching for `Extensions/ConfigCat` or clicking the manage button on the ConfigCat Feature Flags extension's page. Important settings:

Reviewer: Szuper, hogy kettétörted azt a nagy mondatot!

Viszont így az első mondatnak önmagában nincs igazi tartalma.

És én "a you are trying to use" helyett is "you use"-t használnék, mert a nem anyanelyvi angoloknak sokat segít.

Valami ilyesmit javaslok:

This section is for you if you use a dedicated hosted`/[on-premise](https://configcat.com/on-premise/) ConfigCat instance. In that case, you must specify your custom ConfigCat URLs in Visual Studio Code. You can do that by executing the `Preferences: Open Workspace Settings` command from the Command Palette and searching for `Extensions/ConfigCat` or clicking the manage button on the ConfigCat Feature Flags extension's page. Important settings:

- `Public Api Base URL`: the base URL for the ConfigCat Public Management API. Defaults to: https://api.configcat.com.
- `Dashboard Base URL`: the base URL for ConfigCat Dashboard. Defaults to: https://app.configcat.com.

## Usage of ConfigCat Feature Flags Views

> The ConfigCat Feature Flags Views can be opened by clicking the ConfigCat Feature Flags icon on the Activity Bar. There are three different views.

Reviewer: Én itt is kiírnaám, hogy a "Visual Studio Code" az "Activity Bar" környékére.

### Feature Flags & Settings View

> After you successfully connect a Config to your Workspace from the Feature Flags & Settings View, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you successfully connect your ConfigCat Config to your Visual Studio Code Workspace, open the Feature Flags & Settings View and:
```
